in all the professional work I have done I have found that I'm most often
really in touch with what I'm working on to the point where the
rest of the world just disappears on and I mean what they call the state
of flow I when I am doing one of two things the first is programming
from the very first programming course I took in fortran all the
way up to the programming I do day to day now which is more often
working on websites and doing PHP Java script and HTML but when I am
programming time stands still and the rest the world just disappears
to some degree that's also true when I do technical writing like
writing papers proposals are reports but most often it is when I'm doing
programming which is several times a day I get a chance to do a
little programming and I can feel the the world stop and wait for me
to finish